Add FAQ for FLEDGE buyers (#4329)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/fledge-api/interest-groups/index.md

Code for an ad can also call this function for its interest group.

## Frequently asked questions

{% Details %}
{% DetailsSummary %}

> ### How do you implement frequency control by click?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I implement frequency control by click?
```

Reviewer: Recommended FAQ framing as a question the user is asking.

{% endDetailsSummary %}

> For simple frequency control, you can use the `prevWins` field in `browserSignals` inside `generateBid()`. Another mechanism is to call `navigator.leaveAdInterestGroup()` to request that a user's browser leave an interest group when an ad is clicked. This prevents future bidding and acts as a form of frequency capping. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simple frequency control, you can use the `prevWins` field in `browserSignals` inside `generateBid()`. Alternatively, you can call `navigator.leaveAdInterestGroup()` to request that a user's browser leave an interest group when an ad is clicked. This prevents future bidding and acts as a form of frequency capping. 
```

You can also use a first-party cookie to store click information. When the ad is rendered, overwrite an existing interest group with the click data as user bidding signals. The workflow would look something like: 

*   User visits `advertiser.com/product`.
*   The advertiser writes "0 clicks" in a first-party cookie and calls `joinAdInterestGroup({ ..., userBiddingSignals: { clicks: [] } })`.
*   User clicks on an ad at a later time and is taken to `advertiser.com/product`.
*   The advertiser reads and increments first-party cookie click data, then calls `joinAdInterestGroup({ userBiddingSignals: { clicks: ["1667499972"] } })`.
*   For future bidding, the click data available in `userBiddingSignals` can be used in bidding logic.
{% endDetails %}

{% Details %}
{% DetailsSummary %}

> ### How to update the adComponents by user's browsing history to use for recommendation?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I use a user's recent browsing history for ad recommendations?

The [`adComponents` property](#specify-ads-for-an-interest-group) can include relevant metadata to inform your bid.
```

Reviewer: This is a recommendation -- my assumption is they may not know about `adComponents` but do have the question about browsing history and recommendations.

{% endDetailsSummary %}

> `dailyUpdateUrl` provides a mechanism to periodically update the attributes of the interest group, but this update is not based on the user's browsing history. User's browsing history for the one site that called `joinAdInterestGroup()` can be updated in `userBiddingSignals` which can be used during on-device bidding. See the [Product-level TURTLEDOVE](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/PRODUCT_LEVEL.md) original proposal which includes some analysis by RTB House on impact on core metrics for recommendation use case adoption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user's browsing history for the site that called `joinAdInterestGroup()` can be updated in `userBiddingSignals`, which can be used during on-device bidding. See the [product-level TURTLEDOVE](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/PRODUCT_LEVEL.md) original proposal which includes some analysis by RTB House on the impact of core metrics for recommendation use case adoption.

`dailyUpdateUrl` provides a mechanism to periodically update the attributes of the interest group, but this update is not based on the user's browsing history. 
```

Reviewer: Because `dailyUpdateUrl` is *not* the answer, it should be last.
